docs: include Laravel for config reference (#2044)
api-platform/docs: core/configuration.md

# Configuration

> ## Symfony configuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Symfony Configuration
```

> Here's the complete configuration of the [Symfony variant](/symfony/index.md) including default values:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here's the complete configuration of [API Platform for Symfony](../symfony/index.md) including default values:
```

    # ...
```

> ## Larvel configuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Laravel Configuration
```

> Here's the complete configuration of the [Laravel variant](/laravel/index.md) including default values:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here's the complete configuration of [API Platform for Laravel](../laravel/index.md) including default values:
```
